feat(themes): full theming example with bootstrap (#2716)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/themes/misc/bootstrap-theming.md

## Demo

<code-view style="height: 1000px" 
           data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}" 
           iframe-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/theming/bootstrap-sample" >
</code-view>

<div class="divider--half"></div>

## Basic Usage

### Add NG Bootstrap

If you are using Angular CLI and have an existing Angular project, you can install NG Bootstrap with the command below: 

```cmd 
ng add @ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap
```

Once installed, you have to import the NG Bootstrap main module into your *app.module.ts* file: 

```ts
import {NgbModule} from '@ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap';

@NgModule({
    imports: [
        ...,
        NgbModule,
        ...
    ]
)}
```

> At this point your applications is ready to use the NG Bootstrap components. You can find more information about using Bootstrap library at their [`official documentation`](https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/#/getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point your applications is ready to use the NG Bootstrap components. You can find more information about using the Bootstrap library at their [`official documentation`](https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/#/getting-started).
```

### Add Ignite UI for Angular 

> To install the Ignite UI for Angular package, along with all of its dependencies, font imports and styles references to your project, run the following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Ignite UI for Angular package along with all of its dependencies, font imports, and styles references, run the following command in your project,: 
```

<img src="../../../images/igx-cards.png" width="100%">

Clicking on the `More` buttons, you will see the [`igx-dialog`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdialogcomponent.html):

<img src="../../../images/igx-dialog.png" width="100%">

Next, we have added an [`ngb-accordion`](https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/#/components/accordion/examples) showing information about credit cards. Inside its content, there is an [`igx-list`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxlistcomponent.html) and `igx-button`.

<img src="../../../images/ngb-accordion.png" width="100%">

> Finally, we inserted an igx `icon button` in the top right corner, that changes the color palette for the whole app: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we inserted an Ignite UI for Angular `icon button` in the top right corner, that changes the theme of the whole app: 
```

<img src="../../../images/dark-variant.png" width="100%">

## Styling

To get started with styling components using the Ignite UI theming engine, create an scss file named of your choice that would be the base file for your global theme. We will call this file `_variables.scss`. Next, we need to import the `index` file, where all the theme functions and component mixins live: 

```scss
// _variables.scss

@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
``` 

### Palettes

> The Bootstrap library makes use of a sass map called [`$theme-colors`](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/theming/#theme-colors) to provide a palette composed of eight colors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bootstrap library makes use of a Sass map called [`$theme-colors`](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/theming/#theme-colors) to provide a palette composed of eight colors:
```

```scss
$theme-colors: (
    "primary":    $primary,
    "secondary":  $secondary,
    "success":    $success,
    "info":       $info,
    "warning":    $warning,
    "danger":     $danger,
    "light":      $light,
    "dark":       $dark
);
```

> On the other hand, the Ignite UI [`igx-palette`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-palette) function generates a color palette map including `primary`, `secondary`, `grays`, `info`, `success`, `warn`, and `error` colors and their 74 color variants. Our predefined bootstrap palette in turn consists of seven colors: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignite UI for Angular's [`igx-palette`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-palette) function generates a color palette map including `primary`, `secondary`, `grays`, `info`, `success`, `warn`, and `error` colors and their color variants. Our predefined bootstrap palette in turn consists of seven colors: 
```

```scss
$bootstrap-palette: igx-palette(
    $primary: #007bff,
    $secondary: #6c757d,
    $info: #17a2b8,
    $success: #28a745,
    $warn: #ffc107,
    $error: #dc3545,
    $surface: #f8f9fa
);
```

> As you can see most of the colors in their palette overlap the colors in the palettes of Ignite UI. Thus, we can simply map the Bootstrap theme colors with our light or dark bootstrap palette colors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see most of the colors in the Bootstrap palette overlap with the colors defined the Bootstrap palette of Ignite UI for Angular. Hence, we can simply map the Bootstrap theme colors to our light or dark bootstrap palette colors. 
```

> First, we are going to define Sass variables for the [`$light-bootstrap-palette`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#variable-light-bootstrap-palette) colors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we are going to define Sass variables that extract values from the [`$light-bootstrap-palette`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#variable-light-bootstrap-palette):
```

```scss
// Colors from the Ignite UI light bootstrap color palette
$light-primary: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "primary");
$light-secondary: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "secondary");
$light-success: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "success");
$light-info: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "info");
$light-warning: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "warn");
$light-danger: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "error");
```

After that, we will create a new color palette which will be used for the dark mode of the sample:

```scss
// Defining custom color palette
$custom-dark-palette: igx-palette(
    $primary: #ecaa53,
    $secondary: #011627,
    $grays: #fff,
    $surface: #222
);

> // Creating Sass variables for its primary and secondary colors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Creating Sass variables for primary and secondary colors
```

$dark-primary: igx-color($custom-dark-palette, "primary");
$dark-secondary: igx-color($custom-dark-palette, "secondary");
```

>[!NOTE]

> >Visit our [`palettes with sass`](../sass/palettes.md) section to discover more about the palettes provided by Ignite UI for Angular and learn how to create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Visit our [`palettes with Sass`](../sass/palettes.md) section to discover more about the palettes provided by Ignite UI for Angular and learn how to create a new one.
```

### Themes

> In order to switch between `light` and `dark` mode, we are adding a custom class to the `host` element which will be changed on button click event. In our stylesheet file, we are going to include different color palettes according to that class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to switch between `light` and `dark` mode, we are adding a custom class to the `host` element which will be changed on button click. In our stylesheet file, we are going to include different color palettes scoped to each class.
```

#### Light mode

> The Ignite UI for Angular comes in with a predefined theme inspired by [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/) library. To use it, first, you have to include our `igx-core` mixin and then our built-in theme mixin - [igx-bootstrap-light-theme]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#mixin-igx-bootstrap-light-theme). We will also make use of our predefined bootstrap palette - [$light-bootstrap-palette]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#variable-light-bootstrap-palette). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignite UI for Angular comes with predefined themes inspired by the [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/) library. To use them, first, you have to include our `igx-core` mixin and then our built-in theme mixin - [igx-bootstrap-light-theme]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#mixin-igx-bootstrap-light-theme). We will also make use of our predefined bootstrap palette - [$light-bootstrap-palette]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#variable-light-bootstrap-palette). 
```

The background color for our application needs to be set explicitly on the host element. In our sample, we want to use the `surface` color of the passed palette.

> Along with including the themes, at this point, we have to modify the bootstrap `$theme-colors` map with our sass variables created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point we have to modify the Bootstrap `$theme-colors` map with the Sass variables we created earlier.
```

> Lastly, we need to import the bootstrap library - *always import it at the end!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, we need to import the Bootstrap library - *always import it at the end!*
```

```scss
// Make sure you always include the igx-core mixin first
@include igx-core();

:host {
    &.light {
        // The background color of the application in light mode
        background: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, 'surface');

        ::ng-deep {
            // Applying the igx predefined light bootstrap palette and theme
            @include igx-bootstrap-light-theme($light-bootstrap-palette);

            $theme-colors: (
                "primary": $light-primary,
                "secondary": $light-secondary,
                "success": $light-success,
                "info": $light-info,
                "warning": $light-warning,
                "danger": $light-danger
            );

>             // Importing Bootstrap SCSS file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Importing Bootstrap .scss file
```

            // Make sure you always import it last
            @import "~bootstrap/scss/bootstrap";
        }
    }
}
```

The `light` and `dark` colors from the `$theme-colors` map, which don't have corresponding values in the Ignite UI palettes, can also be replaced with values at our discretion. For instance: 

```scss
$custom-light: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "grays", 100);
$custom-dark: igx-color($light-bootstrap-palette, "grays", 800);

:host {
    &.light {
        ::ng-deep {
            $theme-colors: (
                "light": $custom-light,
                "dark": $custom-dark,
            );
        }
    }
}
```

#### Dark mode

> For our dark variant of the application we are going to use our newly created `$custom-dark-palette` so we have to include it in the `dark class` styles and also modify the `$theme-colors` map with the new values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our dark variant, we are going to use our newly created `$custom-dark-palette`. We have to include it in the `dark` class styles and also modify the `$theme-colors` map with the new values. 
```

> All the colors in the Ignite UI components come from the passed palette, therefore they fit nicely in the dark mode without any additional adjustments. However, we have to do some more styling changes for the ng-bootstrap components: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All components in Ignite UI for Angular use colors from the passed palette, therefore they fit nicely in the dark mode without any additional adjustments. However, we have to do some more styling changes for the ng-bootstrap components:
```

### Generate class

The bootstrap `navbar` uses CSS classes for its background color. In our sample, we want that color to change according to the selected theme, hence we are going to use the `igx-color-classes` mixin. It will generate CSS class names for all colors for a given property and color palette, with optional prefix and suffix attached to the class name. For the demo, we will include the mixin twice - once for the light mode with the respective `$light-bootstrap-palette` as a first value and second time for the dark mode with the `$custom-dark-palette`:

```scss
:host {
    &.light {
        @include igx-color-classes(
            $palette: $light-bootstrap-palette,
            $prop: 'background',
            $prefix: 'bg'
        );
    }

    &.dark {
        @include igx-color-classes(
            $palette: $custom-dark-palette,
            $prop: 'background',
            $prefix: 'bg'
        );
    }
}
```

Then, add a CSS class to your navbar component following the pattern "bg - color from the palette - color variant". In our sample app, we are using `bg-grays-200`.

### Typography

> Ignite UI for Angular exposes four default type scales for each of its themes, which can be used inside the [`igx-typography`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#mixin-igx-typography) mixin to define the global typography styles for an application. In our example, we are going to apply the bootstrap predifined `typeface` and `type-scale` but you can create your custom ones if you wish. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignite UI for Angular exposes four default type scales for each of its themes, which can be used inside the [`igx-typography`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#mixin-igx-typography) mixin to define the global typography styles of an application. In our example, we are going to apply the bootstrap predifined `typeface` and `type-scale` but you can create custom ones if you wish. 
```
